fix: added link of Eddiehub Repository section (#1505)
EddieHubCommunity/hacktoberfest-practice: README.md

﻿<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line -->
**This repository is _not_ included in the Hacktoberfest event, as it is for practice only!**

> We have other [repositories](https://github.com/orgs/EddieHubCommunity/repositories) in the organisation you can contribute to. If you would like to join our GitHub organisation, raise an [issue]( https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/support/issues/new?assignees=&labels=invite+me+to+the+organisation&template=invitation.yml&title=Please+invite+me+to+the+GitHub+Community+Organization) on this repo EddieHubCommunity-Support and you can also join EddieHub [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/jZQs6Wu) channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have other [repositories](https://github.com/orgs/EddieHubCommunity/repositories) in the organisation you can contribute to. If you would like to join our GitHub organisation, raise an [issue]( https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/support/issues/new?assignees=&labels=invite+me+to+the+organisation&template=invitation.yml&title=Please+invite+me+to+the+GitHub+Community+Organization) on this repo EddieHubCommunity-Support and you can also join EddieHub [Discord](http://discord.eddiehub.org/) channel.
```

__
[![sema-logo](https://app.semasoftware.com/img/sema-tray-logo.gif)](https://semasoftware.com/gh) &nbsp;**Summary:** :hammer_and_wrench: This code needs a fix

Author: hey @schmelto previous link also redirecting to discord invite..

Reviewer: yeah but the new (other) link is used everywhere and will not expire.

__
[![sema-logo](https://app.semasoftware.com/img/sema-tray-logo.gif)](https://semasoftware.com/gh) &nbsp;**Tags:** Reusable

Author: oh yes thanks for correction .
